Add Spam Detection to docs.mdx (#9806)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/user-feedback/index.mdx

![User Feedback List Triaging.](./img/user-feedback-triaging.png)

> You can also assign a team member to a specific user feedback submission on the **User Feedback Details** view. If you come across user feedback that you consider spam, select the feedback(s) and click "Mark as Spam". This feedback will then be filtered out and appear under the Spam heading. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also assign a team member to a specific user feedback submission on the **User Feedback Details** view. If you come across user feedback that you consider spam, select the feedback(s) and click "Mark as Spam". This feedback will then be filtered out and moved to the "Spam" heading. 
```

> You can also assign a team member to a specific user feedback submission on the **User Feedback Details** view. For user feedback submissions you consider spam, you can mark them as such selecting the feedback(s) and clicking "Mark as Spam". These user feedback submissions will then appear under the Spam heading. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also assign a team member to a specific user feedback submission on the **User Feedback Details** view. For user feedback submissions you consider spam, you can mark them as such by selecting the feedback(s) and clicking "Mark as Spam". These user feedback submissions will then appear under the Spam heading. 
```

> You can also assign a team member to a specific user feedback submission on the **User Feedback Details** view. For user feedback submissions you consider spam, you can mark them as such by selecting the feedback(s) and clicking "Mark as Spam". These user feedback submissions will then appear under the Spam heading. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can also assign a team member to a specific user feedback submission on the **User Feedback Details** view. If you come across user feedback that you consider spam, select the feedback(s) and click "Mark as Spam". This feedback will then be filtered out and appear under the Spam heading. 
```

For a list of search fields, refer to the [search documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/product/reference/search/searchable-properties/user-feedback/).

## Spam Detection for User Feedback

> By default, Sentry auto-detects user feedback submissions that are likely spam and places them inside the “Spam” folder on the **User Feedback** page to improve the quality and actionability of feedbacks in the main list. Feedbacks detected as spam will also bypass any Alert Rules you have configured for User Feedback so you only get alerted when it matters.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, Sentry auto-detects user feedback submissions that are likely to be spam and puts them in the “Spam” folder on the **User Feedback** page. This improves the quality and actionability of the feedback that's in the main list. To improve the quality of your alerts, feedback that's labeled as spam will bypass any User Feedback Alert Rules you may have configured.

```

> By default, Sentry auto-detects user feedback submissions that are likely to be spam and puts them in the “Spam” folder on the **User Feedback** page. This improves the quality and actionability of the feedback that's in the main list. To improve the quality of your alerts, feedback that's labeled as spam will bypass any User Feedback Alert Rules you may have configured.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, Sentry auto-detects user feedback submissions that are likely to be spam and puts them in the “Spam” folder on the **User Feedback** page. This improves the quality and actionability of the feedback that are in the main list. To improve the quality of your alerts, feedback that's labeled as spam will bypass any User Feedback Alert Rules you may have configured.
```

> In order to do auto-spam detection, we use a Large Language Model to classify messages. We are using a language model internal to Google Cloud Platform where no data is stored or persisted. This is part of our existing [sub-processor agreement](https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/#subprocessors).

Author: @michellewzhang fixed!

Reviewer 2: looks good! thanks

> In order to do auto-spam detection, we use a Large Language Model to classify messages. We are using a language model internal to Google Cloud Platform where no data is stored or persisted. This is part of our existing [sub-processor agreement](https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/#subprocessors).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To make auto-spam detection possible, we use a Large Language Model that classifies messages. This language model is internal to Google Cloud Platform and no data is stored or persisted. This is part of our existing [sub-processor agreement](https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/#subprocessors).
```

> To make auto-spam detection possible, we use a Large Language Model that classifies messages. This language model is internal to Google Cloud Platform and no data is stored or persisted. This is part of our existing [sub-processor agreement](https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/#subprocessors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make automatic spam detection possible, we use a Large Language Model that classifies messages. This language model is internal to Google Cloud Platform and no data is stored or persisted. This is part of our existing [sub-processor agreement](https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/#subprocessors).
```

> In order to do auto-spam detection, we use a Large Language Model to classify messages. We are using a language model internal to Google Cloud Platform where no data is stored or persisted. This is part of our existing [[sub-processor agreement](https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/#subprocessors)](https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/#subprocessors).

Reviewer 2: is the two links here intentional?

Author: No, copying from Notion did my dirty

> In order to do auto-spam detection, we use a Large Language Model to classify messages. We are using a language model internal to Google Cloud Platform where no data is stored or persisted. This is part of our existing [[sub-processor agreement](https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/#subprocessors)](https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/#subprocessors).

Author: ```suggestion
In order to do auto-spam detection, we use a Large Language Model to classify messages. We are using a language model internal to Google Cloud Platform where no data is stored or persisted. This is part of our existing [sub-processor agreement](https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/#subprocessors).
```

> If you’d like to opt out of spam detection, turn off "Enable Spam Detection" in Settings > Projects > [Project Name] > User Feedback (under “Processing”).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you’d like to opt out of spam detection, turn off "Enable Spam Detection" in [Settings](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/) > Projects > [Project Name] > User Feedback (under “Processing”).
```

> If you’d like to opt out of Spam Detection, turn off "Enable Spam Detection" in Settings > Projects > [Project Name] > User Feedback (Under “Processing”).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you’d like to opt out of spam Ddtection, turn off "Enable Spam Detection" in Settings > Projects > [Project Name] > User Feedback (under “Processing”).
```

> If you’d like to opt out of spam detection, turn off "Enable Spam Detection" in [Settings](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/) > Projects > [Project Name] > User Feedback (under “Processing”).

Author: ```suggestion
If you’d like to opt out of spam detection, turn off "Enable Spam Detection" in [Settings](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/) > Projects > [Project Name] > User Feedback (under “Project”).
```
